docs(vue): Update Vue wizard for tracing (#2080)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/javascript/vue.md

type: framework
---

## Instrument your application

> To begin collecting error and performance data from your Vue application, you'll need these packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin collecting error and performance data from your Vue application, you'll need the following packages:
```

* `@sentry/browser` (Sentry's core browser SDK)
* `@sentry/integrations` (contains Sentry's Vue integration)
* `@sentry/tracing` (instruments performance data)

Below are instructions for using your favorite package manager, or alternatively loaded directly from our CDN.

### Using yarn or npm

Install the dependencies:

```bash
# Using yarn
$ yarn add @sentry/browser @sentry/integrations @sentry/tracing

# Using npm
$ npm install @sentry/browser @sentry/integrations @sentry/tracing
```

> Next, initialize Sentry in your `app.js`:

Reviewer: I would prefer we take a similar approach to react here.

```suggestion
Next, initialize Sentry in your app entry point before you initialize your root component. 
```
